Doc: fix issue 1940 - ported Python gotchas from wiki to API docs (#2072)
OSGeo/gdal: gdal/doc/source/api/python_gotchas.rst

.. _python_gotchas:

================================================================================
Python Gotchas in the GDAL and OGR Python Bindings
================================================================================

This page lists aspects of GDAL's and OGR's Python bindings that may catch Python programmers by surprise.
If you find something new, feel free to add it to the list, but consider discussing it on the `gdal-dev mailing list <https://lists.osgeo.org/mailman/listinfo/gdal-dev>`__  first,
to make sure you fully understand the issue and that others agree that it is unexpected, "non-Pythonic",
or something that would catch many Python programmers by surprise.

> Be sure to reference email threads, Trac tickets, and other sources of additional information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be sure to reference email threads, GitHub tickets, and other sources of additional information.
```

> This list is not the place to report bugs. If you believe something is a bug, please `open a ticket <https://trac.osgeo.org/gdal/newticket>`__ and report the problem to gdal-dev.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This list is not the place to report bugs. If you believe something is a bug, please `open a ticket <https://github.com/OSGeo/gdal/issues>`__ and report the problem to gdal-dev.
```

This problem is acknowledged by the GDAL team as a bug. Please see `#3077 <https://trac.osgeo.org/gdal/ticket/3077>`__.

Gotchas that result from bugs or behaviors of other software
------------------------------------------------------------

Python crashes in GDAL functions when you upgrade or downgrade numpy
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Much of GDAL's Python bindings are implemented in C++. Much of the core of numpy is implemented in C. The C++ part of GDAL's Python bindings interacts with the C part of numpy through numpy's ABI (application binary interface). 
This requires GDAL's Python bindings to be compiled using numpy header files that define numpy C data structures. Those data structures sometimes change between numpy versions. When this happens, the new version of numpy is not be compatible at the binary level with the old version, and the GDAL Python bindings must be recompiled before they will work with the new verison of numpy. 
And when they are recompiled, they probably won't work with the old version.

> If you obtained a precompiled version of GDAL's Python bindings, such as the Windows packages from `http://vbkto.dyndns.org/sdk/ <http://vbkto.dyndns.org/sdk/>`__ be sure you look up what version of numpy was used to compile them, and install that version of numpy on your machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you obtained a precompiled version of GDAL's Python bindings, such as the Windows packages from `http://gisinternals.com/sdk.php <http://gisinternals.com/sdk.php>`__ be sure you look up what version of numpy was used to compile them, and install that version of numpy on your machine.
```
